Homework Assignmend Ideas


This file contains examples of homeworks that can be assigned. 
Teachers don't have to stick to these exact assignments but do 
make sure assignments are relevant to whatever was covered 
that day.

In the first couple of days, students can just copy and paste
their code. But they should quickly learn how to create gists
on GitHub. Homework should then be submissions should then be
a link to their gist on GitHub. Once they learn how to use
Git, they should then create repositories in GitHub - homework
submissions should be a link to their GitHub repo.


1. Resume

Use what you've learned to create a resume with HTML.

Create a header containing your name
Use sub-headers to create the following sections: objective, skills, experience, education
Use paragraph elements to fill out these sections
Use bold and italics when/if it's appropriate to do so.
 

To submit, copy your code from your text editor and paste here.






2. Resume 2.0

Update the following items in your resume:

- Use unordered lists to write your skills

- Use lists in any place where you think they might be useful

- Add an image (preferably an image of yourself)

- Add a link to your LinkedIn account

- Add a link to your GitHub account

- Add audio with a controller and autoplay turned on

- Feel free to add anything else you like.

- Add color to some of your text

- Change font family of your header and sub headers

- Your CSS file must be separate from your HTML file








3. Rebuild a Website

Choose a website and recreate its HTML and CSS. Use the right container 
names (header, nav, etc).






4. Use JS to update HTML

Create an HTML page with just an <h1>.  Use JavaScript to create 3 sentences on separate lines.

On another line, use JS to generate a random whole number and display it within a <p>
 



5. Guessing Game Beta

Generate a random number and then prompt the user to guess the number. Tell the user whether they got the answer correct.

Your assignment must have an HTML file and a separate JS file attached to the HTML file. Inclue some CSS

For more points, if the user's guess is incorrect, tell them how many digits away from the correct answer they were.  For example, if the correct answer was 7 and they guessed 3, your app should respond with, "Wrong. You're 4 numbers away from the correct answer."




6. Greet the User

Have the user enter their first name and last name in input boxes. When
they click a submit button, display text welcoming the user by their name.
If the user leaves either input box blank, display text telling them they 
need to insert both their first and last name.




7. Guessing Game 1.0

Update your guessing game.

Instead of using prompt() and console.log(), create a proper form in HTML. Get user input by using an input box, and give output through a <p> element.





8. Salary Calculator

Simplest version:
Create an HTML page that allows a user to enter hourly salary. Convert
it into annual salary and presents it on the page.

Advanced:
Create an HTML page that allows a user to enter the following

- hourly salary
- tax rate as a percentage
- unpaid days off through the year
- estimated monthly expenses
	- bills
	- groceries
	- entertainment
	- shopping
	- gas
	- car maintenance

Display annual net salary (gross salary minus taxes). Also use HTML5's
Canvas to display a pie chart showing what percentage of monthly income
is used for which categories of expenses.





8. Rock Paper Scissors

Create a rock, paper, scissors game. Allow the user to select from 
3 images representing a rock, paper, or scissors. Once selected,
use a random number generator to have the computer select rock, paper,
or scissors. Display an image for the computer's choice and tell the
user whether they won or lost.




9. Using forms to access objects

Create 3 person objects each with 3 properties: name, number, and email.

Create an HTML page with an input box and a button. When the user inputs an object's name property and clicks the button, they should see that object's properties appear in 3 <p></p> elements.






10. Session Storage Contact App

Create a form that allows you to create new contacts and store them in
sessionStorage. Display the contacts and their properties within a table.





11. LinkedIn & Resume

Add a picture that clearly shows your face
Add a headline and current position that is technical
Add a summary that describes your passion for the field and why a company should be interested in you
Update your work experience. Emphasize any technical aspects of your past jobs.
Update your skills to include HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bash, GitHub, and any other skills you've learned.
Find at least four tech companies on LinkedIn and follow them
Find at least 2 groups about JavaScript and follow them.





12. GitHub Practice

Create a new repository in GitHub called html-and-css.  Your repository must contain the following files:

README.md - This can be one or two sentences and must be grammatically correct with proper spelling and punctuation.

index.html - This must contain at least some basic HTML

styles.css - This must contain at least some basic CSS
 

Remember that potential employers will see your code so it must be clean and presentable.  For bonus points, create branches for each part of your code.






13. Create a server

Create a server using NodeJS. Create a route with a response that says "This is my universe!" In order to pass this assignment, it must be a repository instead of a gist on GitHub.  To submit your homework, provide a link to the repository.





14. Account Creation


Create a user account creation page and a login page. On the accoun creation
page, allow the user to enter their email address and create a (unique) 
username and a password. Store the credentials somewhere such as local
storage. If a enters correct credentials in the login page, give them a 
welcome message.




15. Angular Notes App

Use Angular to create an app that allows users to enter notes and
display the notes in a table. Add a delete button and edit button
for each note that deletes or edits the notes.

